Quantum Resonance Core:

Cost: \$750,000 Description: A highly specialized quantum core designed
to resonate with dark energy, serving as the central component of the
Dark Resonance device. Dark Energy Modulation Coils:

Cost: \$200,000 (per set) Description: Coils specifically crafted to
modulate and amplify dark energy within the resonance chamber, enhancing
the device\'s effects. Temporal Disruption Field Generator:

Cost: \$500,000 Description: An advanced generator capable of creating
controlled disruptions in the temporal fabric, contributing to the dark
resonance phenomenon. Quantum Entanglement Amplifiers:

Cost: \$300,000 (each) Description: Devices that amplify quantum
entanglement within the Dark Resonance device, facilitating
synchronization and resonance with dark energy. Dark Energy Containment
Vessel:

Cost: \$400,000 Description: A specialized vessel designed to safely
contain and harness dark energy for use within the Dark Resonance
device. Psycho-Magnetic Stabilization Array:

Cost: \$150,000 (per array) Description: Arrays that stabilize the
psycho-magnetic forces generated during the resonance process, ensuring
controlled and predictable outcomes. Quantum Phase Inverter:

Cost: \$250,000 Description: A crucial component for inverting quantum
phases within the resonance chamber, contributing to the unique
properties of dark resonance. Dark Energy Harmonic Resonators:

Cost: \$100,000 (per resonator) Description: Resonators tuned to
specific frequencies of dark energy, allowing for precise manipulation
and resonance within the device. Dark Energy Monitoring System:

Cost: \$150,000 Description: Advanced monitoring systems to track and
analyze the behavior of dark energy during the operation of the Dark
Resonance device. Safety and Containment Systems:

Cost: \$300,000 Description: Comprehensive safety and containment
measures to mitigate potential risks associated with the manipulation of
dark energy. Total Estimated Cost for the Dark Resonance Device:
\$3,000,000
